docs: Explain in more detail the push URLs for gateways (#1930)
kyma-project/telemetry-manager: docs/user/04-metrics.md

To ship metrics to a new OTLP output, create a resource of the kind `MetricPipeline` and save the file (named, for example, `metricpipeline.yaml`).

> This configures the underlying OTel Collector with a pipeline for metrics and opens a push endpoint that is accessible with the `telemetry-otlp-metrics` service. For details, see [Gateway Usage](./gateways.md#usage). The following push URLs are used:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This configures the underlying OTel Collector with a pipeline for metrics and opens a push endpoint that is accessible with the `telemetry-otlp-metrics` service. For details, see [Gateway Usage](./gateways.md#usage). The following push URLs are set up:
```

- grpc: http://telemetry-otlp-metrics.kyma-system:4317
- http: http://telemetry-otlp-metrics.kyma-system:4318

> The default protocol for shipping the data to a backend is GRPC, but you can choose HTTP instead. Depending on the configured protocol, an `otlp` or an `otlphttp` exporter is used. Ensure that the correct port is configured as part of the endpoint. Typically, port `4317` is used for GRPC and port `4318` for HTTP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default protocol for shipping the data to a backend is GRPC, but you can choose HTTP instead. Depending on the configured protocol, an `otlp` or an `otlphttp` exporter is used. Ensure that the correct port is configured as part of the endpoint.
```
